- build out .css based on previous site
+ populate remaining contents
- use views/program for calendar

+ 1. Can we redirect www.andartand.org to www.theartreport.org

+ 2. We understand function of site is to expand one item/post at a time, 
which is perfect, however, noticed when you click a post in the left 
hand column it collapses everything on the right without further 
function, can we resolve this? Either allow post in right to remain 
expanded while expanding post in left, *or* have it as is *but* have the 
clicked post in left expand on first click.

/ 3. ADS! Might need to think this through with you D. Like, is there 
anyway we can have the ads be HTML text?! perhaps different font (TBD), 
but that can be clickable (link out to advertiser), and still play with 
this idea that they *only* hold on screen for allowed time, based on 
money. Like maybe it's a list of names (advertisers) that fade in and 
out? Not sure. Thoughts? I like that this would get around AD BLOCKERS 
;)

+ 4. D, what do you think about making posts that are in the past turn 
*gray*?

+ 5. (Micki says): It?s hard for viewers to tell if exhibitions are still 
ongoing since we only have the exhibition beginning date (and the 
earlier they start the lower they go, while when events are over, they 
still hold the same position, which upsets the chronology). How do we 
solve this? Should we add the end date as well to the title? (Scott): I 
don't have a solution for this one. D?

+ 6. Micki is going to be commissioning new writing from time to time, 
wondering: could these somehow be featured in the center? Perhaps 
there's a way to do something large still with image like we are, could 
this then expand down in the full piece of writing?

+ 7. Can we add a link to bios for Contributors? I?m hoping to give them 
more visibility.

x ? how to make more clear for reader what is an EX / EV / TXT 

x ? considering a header above the right column posts, but Micki and I 
need to figure this out a bit more?

+ A: Important one: Would like to be able to link directly to an article 
without having scrolling down the page to find it. Possible? As mention 
before, I see why the drop-down behaves this way when you are at top of 
page. How can we solve this? For example, if M would like to send 
someone to: https://theartreport.org/calendar/olivian-cha-review?only 
shows one event, hide others

+ C: Idea!: could we create a ?Past" or ?Archive? page where we move all 
past events/exhibitions into?? So everything now in gray would go there. 
Could you envision a possible way? -- add $past flag

+ D: On mobile, can we make the agenda column be the first thing to show 
up?

+ B: Ads to possibly become HTML (?), and linkable. D, thought I had: 
what if these were a stack of names that faded in, based on our money = 
time policy. ? Visible for 3 second, and then invisible for some period 
of time (10 seconds? Or whatever we decide. I imagine the invisible time 
would be the same for all). See sketch* below. Tried to simulate a 
frozen moment of ads fading in/out, ha, hope it communicates the idea. 
Typeface/size TBD.

/ * In this sketch notice the accidental Helvetica on the HELEN MIRRA 
entry, kind digging its and reminded me that I?m missing some of that 
Helvetica that was use on the front page of the OG site?I did a little 
inline mark up to add :) Thinking, perhaps the center should always be 
this type, or have the option too? What do you think, D? For the spirit 
of site, as well as technically speaking.

/ Note to self: we may want to find a way to keep ?writing/text? active 
on the front page. Or not? Time stamped is pretty nice, especially if we 
have a good direct linking system in place.

- redirect http://andartand.org and https://andartand.org to 
https://theartreport.org
